c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\jiffyOnline.dll.config
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\jiffyOnline.dll
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\jiffyOnline.pdb
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\obj\Debug\jiffyOnline.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\obj\Debug\jiffyOnline.dll
c:\users\jubajuba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\obj\Debug\jiffyOnline.pdb
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\jiffyOnline.dll.config
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\jiffyOnline.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\jiffyOnline.pdb
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\obj\Debug\jiffyOnline.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\obj\Debug\jiffyOnline.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\Jiffy\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\obj\Debug\jiffyOnline.pdb
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\jiffyOnline.dll.config
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\jiffyOnline.dll
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\jiffyOnline.pdb
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\obj\Debug\jiffyOnline.dll
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\obj\Debug\jiffyOnline.pdb
C:\Users\jubajuba\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\obj\Debug\jiffyOnline.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\jiffyOnline.dll.config
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\jiffyOnline.dll
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\jiffyOnline.pdb
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\PagedList.dll
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\PagedList.xml
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\obj\Debug\jiffyOnline.dll
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\obj\Debug\jiffyOnline.pdb
E:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\obj\Debug\jiffyOnline.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\jiffyOnline.dll.config
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\jiffyOnline.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\jiffyOnline.pdb
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\obj\Debug\jiffyOnline.dll
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\obj\Debug\jiffyOnline.pdb
C:\Users\Breeshy\Desktop\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\obj\Debug\jiffyOnline.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\jiffyOnline.dll.config
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\jiffyOnline.dll
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\jiffyOnline.pdb
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\EntityFramework.dll
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\PagedList.dll
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\WebGrease.dll
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\PagedList.xml
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\EntityFramework.xml
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\obj\Debug\jiffyOnline.dll
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\obj\Debug\jiffyOnline.pdb
I:\jiffyOnline\jiffyOnline\obj\Debug\jiffyOnline.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
